it's time to stop hiding things on your
website hey i'm sam dunning co-owner
over at webchoiceuk.com
and host of the top 100 marketing
podcast business growth show if you
haven't yet check out our weekly email
where i provide actionable marketing
tips useful podcasts free guides and
bonus resources each and every monday to
start your week off with a bang check it
out at businessgrowth.email
so a few weeks ago my wife and i went to
look at a house we're in the market for
a new one as we're probably going to
have a second child at some stage
and i also want to upgrade my podcast
room as i'm currently in a pretty small
room so it'd be nice to be able to get a
decent desk studio set up and kick that
all out to improve the experience for
you guys too but without rambling on
about that too much so we saw a
four bedroom house on the market in our
local town
it was actually a bit cheaper than i
expected than the usual going rate so
checked out on the estate agent's
website
but
it only showed
two out of the four bedrooms it didn't
really show much of the outdoors or the
garden or it was really lacking clear
pictures and a clear scope of what the
place actually looked like so i gave the
estate agents a call i said what's the
situation guys i can only see a couple
of the images don't really have a good
idea i can see it's a little bit cheaper
than the market rate
they said yeah you need to come and see
the house really
you need to check it out and see what
you think so i said fine
let's book an appointment booked one for
a few days later wife and i went to the
house had a look around the estate agent
kindly met with us we started taking a
look at the rooms and just a few in we
could see it was really dated so the
rooms that we didn't see on the website
listing were really out of date they
needed a lot of diy essentially the
house needed gutting because it was that
in that much of a position where you
need to completely rip out a lot repaint
a lot refurnish a lot plus the garden
was pretty small considering we've got a
little kid and he wants to run around
that we want to play a bit football but
soccer um so it really wasn't our cup of
tea and i'm anti-diy so it just was not
up our street but what's the point in me
telling you this story well let me
explain we could have saved the estate
agent's time and effort going out to see
us we could have saved us time going out
to see the property or by giving us a
clear idea of exactly what the property
was like
on the website in the first place so
they could have clearly laid out look
this is the spec of the place this is a
clear photo or even a 3d tour or one
step further a video of the house
on the site
why would they do that well it would
attract good fit prospects good fit
leads so people that are perhaps up for
getting a bit of a bargain a bit of a
deal but are happy to do some diy work
and it would repel it would clear people
like me away the absolute anti-diy so
how does this link back to your own
website well you want to engage ideal
fit clients and you want to repel people
that aren't qualified to do business
with you are you giving them a clear
idea of exactly what you do well exactly
what you don't an idea of your processes
an idea of your pricing guidelines
perhaps sharing case studies customers
you've helped testimonials all that good
stuff to give a clear idea of exactly
what you do the service you provide how
you do it lay some social proof
testimonials reviews all that good stuff
and then encourage them to reach out to
you
so that's a quick snapshot of why
transparency on your website is really
really important and remember trying to
drive as many inquiries as possible
through your site might seem like a good
idea but ultimately
if they're not qualified i.e if they
don't have a good idea of what they need
of if you can help what the investment
what the costing is around it it's just
going to waste everyone's time it's
wasting prospects time and it's wasting
your time so focus on attracting
the right kind of people by using a
website as a tool to properly qualify
them and there you have it that is my
short snappy tips on why you need to
stop hiding things on your website if
you're tuning in on the audio podcast
from apple or spotify
a quick rating would be very much
appreciated and likewise if you're
tuning on youtube a quick subscribe i'd
be very thankful for and with that i
should catch you on the next one cheers